# Group 36 KickOff Meeting
### Meeting Details
**Meeting Location:** Zoom  
**Meeting Time:** 10/11/2022, 3:00-4:10 PM (PST)  
**Previous Meeting:** None (first meeting)  
**Meeting Slides:** [Meeting 10_11_22](https://github.com/cse110-sp21-group36/cse110-sp21-group36/blob/main/admin/meeting%20slides/Group%2036%20Meeting%2010_11_22.pdf)  

## Meeting Attendance
| Role | Name | Present? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Team Lead | Triston Babers |✅|
| Team Lead | Meron Asfaw |✅|
| Designer | Jiancheng Liang |✅|
| Developer | Rappel Ricafort |✅|
| Developer | Andrew Schade |✅|
| Developer | Miko Brown |✅|
| Developer | Duc Vo |✅|
| Developer | Thanh Phan |✅|
| Developer | Justin Lau |✅|
| Developer | Ettore Hidoux |✅|
| Planner | Julia Le |✅|

## Meeting Agenda
 - Take Attendance
 - What should the Group Name be?
 - Project Idea Brainstorming
 - Group Bonding Event Voting
 - Closing

 ## Decisions:
 Group Name: Code Avengers  
 Popular Project Idea: Still thinking on it  
 Group Bonding Event: In-Person Event at Geisel (Thursday 5:00 PM)  
 
 ## Kickoff Meeting Notes:
- Check in attendance (everyone attended!)
- Everyone joined the group36 Github repo
- Decided on the team name: **Code Avengers**
- Project idea suggested by Triston: create an image sharing web app.
- Reminder to set up daily stand-up bot on Slack.
- Majority of people decided to do in-person meeting for group bonding. Triston/Meron will set up a when2meet to coordinate for that.
- Also set up a when2meet to decide on weekly meetings.
- Create a document for team contracts: (use the website example Allison sent) https://ohiostate.pressbooks.pub/feptechcomm/chapter/7-project-communications/
- Send in **intro videos** to Triston by **Sunday** (or Thursday as suggested by Allison) so that he can merge them together for the group video.
- Decide on two people for meeting notes (Duc and Thanh)
- **Duties for this week:**
     *Duc and Thanh for meeting notes & group contract due Thursday by midnight
     *Andrew and Justin on group team page due Thursday by midnight
     *Miko and Rappel on branding due Thursday midnight
     *Decide on the location for Team Bonding Activity. Suggestion by Triston: West Geisel Library 
     
     <img src="https://github.com/cse110-sp21-group36/cse110-sp21-group36/blob/main/admin/meetings/Meeting%20Assets/Poll%20Results.png" width="300" height="400">

