# Group 36 Project Pitch Meeting
### Meeting Details
**Meeting Location:** Zoom  
**Meeting Time:** 10/31/2022, 6:30-7:14 PM (PST)  
**Previous Meeting:** [10/27/2022 - Weekly Meeting (Week 5)](https://github.com/cse110-sp21-group36/cse110-sp21-group36/blob/main/admin/meetings/102722-Week5.md)
**Project Pitch Slides:** [Pitch Slides](../../specs/pitch/Project%20Pitch.pdf)

## Meeting Attendance
| Role | Name | Present? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Team Lead | Triston Babers |‚úÖ|
| Team Lead | Meron Asfaw |‚úÖ|
| Designer | Jiancheng Liang |‚ùå|
| Developer | Rappel Ricafort |‚úÖ|
| Developer | Andrew Schade |‚úÖ|
| Developer | Miko Brown |‚úÖ|
| Developer | Duc Vo |‚úÖ|
| Developer | Thanh Phan |‚úÖ|
| Developer | Justin Lau |‚úÖ|
| Developer | Ettore Hidoux |‚úÖ|
| Planner | Julia Le |‚ùå|
| **T.A.** | Allison |‚úÖ|

## Meeting Agenda
- Present Project Pitch Slides to Allison.
- Get Feedback from Allison about the Project Pitch.
- Get approved/denied to begin coding on the website.

## Decisions:
- We will create a [Minimum Viable Product Spec](https://github.com/cse110-sp21-group36/cse110-sp21-group36/blob/main/specs/Minimum%20Viable%20Product.md) on the team repo in /specs/
- Allison üü¢greenlightedüü¢ our Project Pitch, so we will begin development starting on 11/1/2022.

## Comments from Allison (T.A.)
* We should have a Minimum Viable Product Specification, so we have an idea of the bare minimum that needs to be completed.
* We should explore other Recipe Manager Apps to see ideas that worked well in their design and consider adding them to our own.
* We should consider a CI/CD build pipeline for the project. e.g. What tests will we run on the website's code? Will we verify the HTML using 3-rd Party site _____? etc.
* Consider splitting up the team into multiple groups for the Home Page, Viewing Page, and Editing Page so we could work more efficiently.

## Going Ahead
- We will begin work on the project and consider the comments Allison Made during the Pitch Meeting.
- The next team meeting we will bring up Documentation for our code, as well as possibly dividing into smaller groups to assign the workload easier.
