# Group 36 Project Check in (Week 8)
### Meeting Details
**Meeting Location:** Geisel West Library  
**Meeting Time:** 11/14/2022, 5:00-6:00 PM (PST)  
**Previous Meeting:** [11/14/2022 Sprint Planning (Week 8)]([https://github.com/cse110-sp21-group36/cse110-sp21-group36/blob/main/admin/meetings/111422-Week8.md])

## Meeting Attendance
| Role | Name | Present? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Team Lead | Triston Babers |✅|
| Team Lead | Meron Asfaw |✅|
| Designer | Jiancheng Liang |❌|
| Developer | Rappel Ricafort |✅|
| Developer | Andrew Schade |✅|
| Developer | Miko Brown |✅|
| Developer | Duc Vo |❌|
| Developer | Thanh Phan |✅|
| Developer | Justin Lau |✅|
| Developer | Ettore Hidoux |✅|
| Planner | Julia Le |✅|

## Meeting Agenda
- Take attendance
- Triston run thorugh the meeting slides
- Review Progress of Editor, Home, and View page teams:
- Home page describes work done and aspects of their page
- View page describes work done and aspects of their page
- Edit page describes work done and apsects of their page
- Input on what can be improved for each of the respective pages
- Discuss project progress
- Closing

## Meeting discussion
- All groups have made good progress on their pages.
- Going through and refreshing on the iteams in the recipe object.

## Future Deadlines
- Monday 11/21/22 = Meeting where pages need to be finished so we can merge all pages and create a beta of the whole website.
- Monday 11/21/22 = during meeting we will come to a unanamous stylistic descision.
- Tuesday 11/22/22 = Triston will have a beta to show an example of the website.
- Monday 11/28/22 = Meeting in pivate room to group code and maybe start Unit testing
- Wednesday 11/30/22 = Meeting in pivate room to start Unit testing

## Group decisions:
 - Style and color scheme for the whole website
 - new items to add to the recipe object?
 - Meeting times to add for extra group work?
 
