# Group 36 Weekly Team Meeting (Week 7)
### Meeting Details
**Meeting Location:** In-Person (Geisel West Library)  
**Meeting Time:** 12/6/2022, 5:00-6:00 PM (PST)  
**Previous Meeting:** [Sprint Retrospective](https://github.com/cse110-sp21-group36/cse110-sp21-group36/blob/main/admin/meetings/112822-Sprint-Retrospecive.md)  
**Meeting Slides:** [Meeting 12_6_22](https://github.com/cse110-sp21-group36/cse110-sp21-group36/blob/main/admin/meeting%20slides/Group%2036%20Meeting%2012_6_22.pdf)  


## Meeting Attendance
| Role | Name | Present? |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Team Lead | Triston Babers |✅|
| Team Lead | Meron Asfaw |✅|
| Designer | Jiancheng Liang |✅|
| Developer | Rappel Ricafort |✅|
| Developer | Andrew Schade |✅|
| Developer | Miko Brown |✅|
| Developer | Duc Vo |✅|
| Developer | Thanh Phan |✅|
| Developer | Justin Lau |❌|
| Developer | Ettore Hidoux |✅|
| Planner | Julia Le |✅|


## Meeting Agenda
- Take attendance
- Approve Pull Requests 
- 
- Implementing Jtest 
- Test Functionalities 
- 


## Project
- new pages: 'about' and 'contact us'
    - checked mail sending from 'contact us'
        - then checked mail send status appear
        - 
- 'view' page 
    - add edit button next to the delete one 



### Plan Ahead 
- 

### Decisions:
- 

